Update release-notes to include tooling changes (#6276)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.4.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

### Improvements

#### CLI

> ##### Refactor bal format command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Refactored the `bal format` command
```

> ##### Refactored the `bal format` command

Reviewer 2: @praneesha Shouldn't we ideally have the component names under H4 headers? (e.g `Formatter`, `JSON-to-record Converter`, etc)?

> ##### Refactored the `bal format` command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Refactored the `bal format` command
```

> Introduced new flags to `bal format` command and updated the format of the command. New `bal format` command would look like below,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introduced new flags to the `bal format` command and updated the format of the command. The new `bal format` command is shown below.
```

> Introduced new flags to the `bal format` command and updated the format of the command. The new `bal format` command is shown below.

Reviewer 2: @AzeemMuzammil Shall reword this into something like below? WDYT?
```suggestion
- Improved the `bal format` CLI command by introducing new command options to selectively format modules or single files with a provided Ballerina package. The updated format of the `bal format` command is shown below.
```

> `bal format [OPTIONS] [<package>|<module>|<source-file>]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bal format [OPTIONS] [<package>|<module>|<source-file>]`
```
How the backticks are added is incorrect. Please check in other Learn pages. We have to have 3 backticks at the top and bottom to add a code snippet.

```
OPTIONS
    --module <module-name>
        Format only a specific module in the Package

     --file <file-name>
        Format only a specific file in the Package
    
     -d, --dry-run
        Perform a dry run of the formatter and see which files will
        be formatted after the execution.
```

> #### JSON to Record Converter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### JSON to record converter
```

> #### Improved the JSON to record converter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### JSON to record converter
```

> Improved the JSON to record converter tool to generate records with non-conflicting record names.

Reviewer 2: @praneesha WDYT? 
```suggestion
Improved the JSON-to-record converter tool to be more context-aware, to be able to generate records with non-conflicting names.
```

> Improved the JSON to Record Converter tool to generate records with non-conflicting record names. The updated API requires the file URI and it will take care of the rest. When the API is used with Language-Server, the conversion will be much faster as the tool would use already existing compilation of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improved the JSON to record converter tool to generate records with non-conflicting record names. The updated API requires only the file URI. When the API is used with the language server, the conversion will be faster as the tool would use the already-existing compilation of the project.
```
